hi guys have to look to the inside a
Lenovo bias series B laptop there is a
no VOC keep a hole out here I have to
just use a pin and there is right now
the system is shut down I will press it
through the pin and then you can see in
the system it starts to boot up I might
use the regular power button and then
you have this boot menu option that says
normal startup by a setup boot menu
system recovery system recoveries for
the one key recovery and if I select the
bias setup and then hit enter you see
the inside a bias details comes up here
and if I use the regular arrow keys the
system changes here so here you can use
any of the options that you have like
administrative password user password
HDD password so if the admin password or
LHD but will get lost you'll have to go
to the service center and change the
motherboard I think there is no way out
I haven't found it anywhere in the net
and in the configuration your system
diet-wise powerless beep Intel virtual
technology BIOS backup hot key
information and if you need to change
the boot sequence then you would need to
go to the boot and then you have to
select the boot option that you need
right now it's UEFI boot if you need to
select to opera put two operating
systems here you need to change this
UEFI option so that you can have a dual
boot option here and then you have the
exit option here so that's the way and
at the bottom you can see you have the
options you use arrow keys to select the
item or change the value or to set the
setup defaults you need to press FN + f9
or F another f10 key to save and exit so
it's a bit deviation from the phoenix
bios regular that they have the earlier
Lenna was used to have and this is one
of the easy ones I mean and this can be
a bit of then can be controlled by the W
and
see i wmic command a few needs of
information from the bias that's the way
so thank you for watching this video